Update nginx-hello-nonroot (#31)
nginxinc/NGINX-Demos: nginx-hello-nonroot/README.md

> # NGINX webserver ran with non root privilege that serves a simple page containing its hostname, IP address and port as well as the request URI and the local time of the webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# NGINX webserver that runs with non-root privileges to serve a simple page containing its hostname, IP address and port as well as the request URI and the local time of the webserver.
```
